The suppress command helps adding new rules that report many errors
in your project.

    elm-review suppress
        Reviews your project and generates suppression files for the reported
        errors.

    --check-after-tests
        Checks whether there are uncommitted changes. Running elm-review may
        cause suppression files to be updated, which people can forget to commit
        before making a pull request. Running elm-review suppress with this flag
        at the end of your test suite makes sure these files stay up to date.
        This command does not cause your project to be reviewed though.

elm-review has two systems to ignore reported errors.

First is the use of the Rule.ignoreErrorsForDirectories and
Rule.ignoreErrorsForFiles functions in the ReviewConfig.elm file. These aim to
indicate the parts of the project where a rule would not provide value and
should be ignored, such as generated or vendored code.

The second system is the temporarily suppressed errors system, which aims to
help you gradually adopt rules that report many errors in your project without
having you fix all the issues beforehand.

Running elm-review suppress will generate a JSON file in review/suppressed/ for
every rule that currently reports errors, and records the number of suppressed
errors per file in your project.

While suppression files exist for your project, running elm-review will behave
as usual but with these additional behaviors:
  - Suppressed errors won't be reported.
  - If there are outstanding errors for the ignored rules and files, the related
    suppressed errors will be reported until you reduce the number of errors
    back to the number in the JSON file. This is a good opportunity to fix more!
  - If no errors are being reported and there are less suppressed errors than
    before, suppression files will be updated automatically, in order to make
    sure no new errors get re-introduced unknowingly.

While you can run the suppress command to ignore newly reported errors, please
do so with moderation. The aim of the suppression system is to allow enabling
rules while there are errors remaining and to have these fixed incrementally,
not to make it easier to ignore errors.

When you wish to tackle the suppressed errors, you can run elm-review (without
the suppress subcommand) with its available flags, and you can use the following
options to help you:

    --unsuppress
        Include suppressed errors in the error report for all rules.

    --unsuppress-rules <rule1,rule2,...>
        Include suppressed errors in the error report for the listed rules.
        Specify the rules by their name, and separate them by commas.

