The suppress command helps adding new rules that report many errors in your project.

    elm-review suppress
        Reviews your project and generates suppression files for the reported errors.

elm-review has two systems to ignore reported errors.

First is the use of the Rule.ignoreErrorsForDirectories and Rule.ignoreErrorsForFiles functions in the ReviewConfig.elm file. These aim to indicate the parts of the project where a rule would not provide value and should be ignored, such as generated or vendored code.

The second system is the temporarily suppressed errors system, which aims to help you gradually adopt rules that report many errors in your project without having you fix all the issues beforehand. It will do so by ignoring the currently reported errors, reporting only the new errors, yet reminding you about the errors that need to be fixed.

Running elm-review suppress will generate JSON files in review/suppressed/. Each file corresponds to a rule, which records the number of suppressed errors per file in your project.

While suppression files exist for your project, running elm-review will behave as usual but with these additional behaviors:
- Suppressed errors won't be reported.
- If you have outstanding errors for the ignored rules and files, the related errors will all stop being suppressed until there are as many errors as the suppression tally. This is a good opportunity to fix additional ones!
- If no errors are being reported and there are less suppressed errors than before, suppression files will be updated automatically, in order to make sure no new errors get re-introduced unknowingly.

While you can run the suppress command to ignore newly reported errors, please do so with moderation. The aim of the suppression system is to allow enabling rules while there are errors remaining and to have these fixed incrementally, not to make it easier to ignore errors.

When you wish to tackle the suppressed errors, you can use the following options to help you:

    --unsuppress
        Report errors including the ones that were suppressed.

    --rules <rule1,rule2,...>
        Run with a subsection of the rules in the configuration. Specify them
        by their name, and separate them by commas.
        Use this to tackle suppressed errors one rule at a time.

